What you've just done is awesome.
You built a route planner in C++ that can
find a path between any two points on a real map,
of a real city.
Along the way, you learned about data structures
and algorithms from the C++ standard library.
Including variables, functions, vectors,
maps, pointers, and references.
You also implemented the A-star search algorithm,
used build tools and weren't a little bit of object-oriented programming.
These skills will be fundamental to you as a C++ engineer and the project you've built,
a route planning application is something that people use every day.
In the next course of this Nanodegree program,
you'll see object-oriented programming in depth.
Later you will learn about memory management and concurrency.
There's a lot more to learn about C++.
This course is really just the tip of the iceberg.
Congratulations on completing this course.
We hope to see you in the next course, soon.